[#73]: Github Action (#74)
hytest-org/hytest: .github/workflows/How_To_Release.md

# How to publish a new HyTEST release

## Essential steps
* Make `dev` branch look like you want.  

>   * Merge various feature branches in to `dev` with PRs (or not... manually also works; PR preferred)

Reviewer: did we decide to use a formal dev branch? Sorry I've been a little out of the loop the past few weeks

Author: I don't know if we did or not... this system will work either way... but it will fire with every merge into main. So if we merge into main a lot, then it will make a new release each time. 

I can also make this an action triggered by different events -- or even manually.

  * Direct commits to `dev` are also OK (but discouraged)
  * edit the `environment_set_up/manifest.txt` to reflect what you want in the bootstrap archive (see
    below: "What's In the Archive").
* Create a PR to merge `dev` into `main`

>   * Use github **Labels** to identify how you want the Semantic Version to Increment:

Reviewer: Could you include some info on what types of changes would constitute each level of increment change?

Author: Done.

    - No labels, increments the _patch_ number (the _p_ in 'M.m.p')
    - Label "SemVer::Minor++" increments the _minor_ number (the _m_ in 'M.m.p')
    - Label "SemVer::Major++" increments the _major_ number (the M in 'M.m.p')
  * These labels already exist in the repo... just apply as appropriate to reflect how 
    you want the version number to increment for this new release.
* PR can be approved / reviewed / updated... with last-second changes merged into `dev`
* Merge `dev` into `main` **with a Pull Request**
  * The [github action](./release-on-pr-merge-to-main.yml) fires with this specific set of
    conditions.  A manual merge to main will not trigger. 
  * Observe the run by examining the 'Actions' tab in the repo. If the action fails for some
    reason, this is where you will look for the logs and other debug information. 

Upon a successful run, you should now see a new [release](https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/releases). 
Releases will be available indefinitely by referring to their GitHub **tag**, which is created
as a part of this github action.  Tags are Semantic Version numbers, preceeded with a 'v' (e.g. 'v1.2.1'). 

> A give release is available via its version number:

Reviewer: should this say "git release"?

Author: yes

```text
https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/releases/v1.2.1
```

You can always point to the 'latest' release with the URL:

```text
https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/releases/latest/
```

The direct link to the downloadable archive of setup materials is available with the URL:

```text
https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/releases/latest/download/HyTEST_EnvSetUp.tar.gz
```

## What's in the archive

> The contents of the archive is driven by the contents of the `environment_set_up/manifest.txt` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of the archive are intended to support the environment set up documented in our [QuickStart for HPC](../../environment_set_up/QuickStart-HPC.md). The specific files included are determined by the contents of the `environment_set_up/manifest.txt` file. 
```
